Eswaran Krishnamoorthy
Contact details
    LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/eswk22
    github: https://github.com/eswk22
    email: eswaran.krishnamoorthy@gmail.com

Skills:

Design Approach: Monolithic, SOA & Micro services, Container Orchestration 	Front End: Angular, Jet Compose
Development: Full stack developer in .Net, Java, Kotlin, Python, Android & Web developer.

Education:
    Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics & Communication.
    University: Anna University
    College: PSYEC
    Year: 2002- 2006

Companies:
    1. Google
        Location: MountainView, CA
        Years: Jun-2021 to present
        Roles: Technical Lead
        Responsiblities:
            Spearheaded the development and execution of technical roadmaps, aligning them with business objectives.
            Led the design, development, and implementation of high-impact technical solutions, considering scalability, maintainability.
            Effectively motivated, mentored, and coached a team of 8+ engineers, fostering their technical skills and career growth.
            Conceptualized, designed, and delivered a new product from ideation to market, resulting in a 56% reduce of Partner engineers support. 
    2. Ericsson
        Location: Overland Park, KS
        Years: Dec-2011 to Jun-2021
        Roles: Technical Lead & Technology Architect
        Responsiblities:
            Led team to plan, design, and implement applications and software.
            Collaborate with business analysts, developers, and technical support teams to define project requirements and specifications.
            Designed, developed, and managed web-based applications, databases, network accounts, and programs.
            Analyzing business processes, identifying gaps and bringing solutions to governance groups.
            Gather detailed business requirements and use cases and translate technical specifications into product requirements.
            Analyzing third-party products and bringing into my Organization if value is added.
            Launched complex recovery solutions to safeguard mission critical business processes.

    2. Nokia Siemens Networks 	
        Location: Chennai, India
        Years: Feb-2007 to Dec-2011
        Roles: Software Engineer & Senior Software Engineer & Lead
        Responsiblities:
            Understand client requirements and write down software details.
            Designed, developed, and managed web-based applications. 
            Study the specifications provided by clients and seek clarifications for doubts raised. 
            Responsible for planning, processing, and delivering jobs in an efficient manner & working closely with team members
            Build a high performing development team by providing technical direction. Reviewing code and providing feedback relative to best practices, improving performance etc. 

Projects(last 3 projects out of 13)
    Tricorder
        Conceptualized, designed, and delivered product from ideation to market, resulting in a 56% reduce of Partner engineers support.
        Assistant companion app to assistant OEMs to ensure their integration between Car & assistant.
        Tech: Spanner, Boq, Android, Kotlin, Jet Compose. 

    ENABLE
        Designed an automation platform which handles incident resolution and event management in any operation center.
        Developed and delivered products globally. 
        Product executes ~100,000 automations per day and saved 800,000 minutes of manual efforts in Q3- 2020.
        Tech: Microservices, RabbitMQ, .Net C#, Angular, Azure DevOps (Team)
    
    Novo
        Designed an order care system which tracks Sprint transactional works with Ericsson.
        Introduced Angular to my team & Led team of 10 developers.
        Designed, Planned and Delivered the project.
        Tech: RabbitMQ, .Net C#, Angular

Personal Projects
LLMResume - New way of having the resume (LLM based bot) app-link: https://ek-reusme.streamlit.app/
MathGen - LLM based app which will help the students to learn math. app-link: https://math-gen.streamlit.app/
GetQuote - Collaboration between Customer/Seller. 	Angular, AWS
Queueless - Service booking application. 	Angular, Firebase
Online-Tutor - Tutoring service. 	Angular & C#
Survey - Voting application. 	Angular1 & C#

Personal Research:
No research paper published, but on-going research on "Identifying universally generated AI images on the client-side using DNN"
